✨ NEW: Add logo_only theme option (#349)
executablebooks/sphinx-book-theme: docs/configure.md

These will be placed in the top-left of your page.

> You can avoid the display of the project name at the top of the sidebar (below the logo) by adding this line in `conf.py`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **omit the site title** below the logo, add this line in `conf.py`:
```
